3dsurround=Jogi Lin
aacdec_codec=Jogi Lin
abb_mdl=Jerry Lu
acc=Zenpei Chen
adc=Jerry Lu
adcdump=Jerry Lu
adcdump_hal=Jerry Lu
adc_hal=Jerry Lu
amrnbdec_codec =Jogi Lin
amrnbenc_codec =Jogi Lin
amrwbdec_codec =Jogi Lin
amrwbenc_codec =Jogi Lin
app=Kenny Wu
AppLauncher=Code Lin
app_mgr =Jogi Lin
app_mgr_shell =Jogi Lin
arm=Dyke Cheng
ati=Ralf Chen
atv=XH Yang
audio=Ian-y Chen
audio_drv=Ian-y Chen
audio_hal=Ian-y Chen
audio_mdl=Ian-Y Chen
backlight=Kevin Chang
ball=Owen Chen
batt=Owen Chen
battery=Owen Chen
batt_hal=Owen Chen
bluetooth=Ethan Lai
bsp_737=CK Wang
bsp_833=CK Wang
bsp_837=CK Wang
bsp_838=CK Wang
bsp_8f4=CK Wang
bt_host_acrux2=Ethan Lai
bt_mac_critical=Ethan Lai
bt_mac_normal=Ethan Lai
bus=Zenpei Chen
bus_hal=Zenpei Chen
camera_mdl=Marine Wu
cc=Ralf Chen
ce=Terry Chiang
clkgen=Chienwei Chang
clkgen_hal=Chienwei Chang
cn=Ericyk Wu
compression_mdl=Spencer Cheng
cookdec_codec =Jogi Lin
core=Kenny Wu
cpu_mdl=Gary Lu
csn1=Terry Chiang
CusDefine =Bob Lin
cust_drv=Darrent-tc Liao
cust_drv_dummy=Chih-hao Chang
cust_mmi=Jinle Liu
cust_sys=Zenpei Chen
cus_app=Gary Lu
cus_app_lib=Ericyk Wu
data=Terry Chiang
demuxer=Patrick Lin
disp=Jerry KC Liu
disp_hal=Jerry KC Liu
dl=Yulung Chiang
dlm_entry=Carl Kao
dma=Patrick-tf Yang
dma2d=Jerry-KC Liu
dma2d_hal=Jerry-KC Liu
dma_hal=Patrick-tf Yang
drc_limiter=Jogi Lin
drvtable_hal=Marine Wu
drvutil_hal=Patrick-tf Yang
dynscl=Marine Wu
dynscl_hal=Marine Wu
ebi_hal=Patrick-tf Yang
efat=Carson Huang
email=Mark Ma
emi=Artis Chiu
emi_hal=Artis Chiu
eml_dlm=Ted Sun
exp_vol=Jogi Lin
fakevendor=Owen Lee
fat=Joe Su
fax=Terry Chiang
fcie=Jeffrey Chen
fcm=Ericyk Wu
flash=Artis Chiu
fmrx=Artis Chiu
fmrx_hal=Artis Chiu
fms=Zenpei Chen
fms_cus=Zenpei Chen
gpd_drv=Kevin Chang
gpd_hal=Kevin Chang
gpd_mdl=Kevin Chang
grr=Yulung Chiang
gsensor=Kevin Chang
gss=Jerry-KC Liu
hard_limiter=Jogi Lin
hwl=Taylor Lee
hwl_cus=Terry Chiang
hwl_tiny=Taylor Lee
hw_drc=Jogi Lin
hw_geq=Jogi Lin
hw_peq=Jogi Lin
image_capture=Jenlung Tsai
image_codec=Patrick Lin
ime=Kris Wang
int=Patrick-tf Yang
int_hal=Patrick-tf Yang
io=Tony Kuo
io_hal=Tony Kuo
ip=Allen Lai
ir=Patrick-tf Yang
jpd=Patrick Lin
jpd_hal=Patrick Lin
jpe=Conrad Ho
jpe_hal=Conrad Ho
kernel_hal=Patrick-tf Yang
keypad=Gary Lu
keypad_hal=Gary Lu
keypad_mdl=Gary Lu
l1c=Terry Chiang
lcd=Wellken Chen
lcd_hal=Wellken Chen
llc=Allen Lai
mae=Kris Wang
mae_porting=Kris Wang
map=Owen Lee
mmaudio_common=Jogi Lin
mmaudio_common_release=Jogi Lin
mmc=Terry Chiang
mmicomn=Howard Tsai
mmp=Terry Chiang
mmplayer=Patrick Lin
mmp_common=Patrick Lin
mms=Terry Chiang
mnp2=Terry Chiang
model=Kris Wang
mp3dec_codec =Jogi Lin
mp3enc_codec =Jogi Lin
mp4demux=Patrick Lin
mpif_hal=Kevin Chang
mserv=Li-Wei Cheng
MsWrapper=Piazza Lo
mtmgr=Mcinnis Yu
mux=Ericyk Wu
NCCBrowser_target=Ryan Huang
NCCCommon_target=Ryan Huang
NCCEmail_target=Mark Ma
NCCMms_target=Ryan Huang
ngip=Allen Lai
ngos=Allen Lai
ngppp=Allen Lai
Oakmont=Owen Lee
ofn=Owen Chen
ofn_mdl=Owen Chen
opec=Ericyk Wu
peq=Jogi Lin
pll_hal=Chienwei Chang
pm=Chienwei Chang
pmu_hal=Chienwei Chang
pm_hal=Chienwei Chang
pm_mdl=Chienwei Chang
power=Jerry Lu
pps=Allen Lai
rai=Zenpei Chen
ResMgr=Minghung Lin
ResMgr_lib=CK Wang
ril=Ralf Chen
rld=Allen Lai
rlu=Allen Lai
rtc=Jyunwei Lin
rtc_hal=Jyunwei Lin
rtk=Piazza Lo
rtk_cus=Piazza Lo
sbcenc_codec=Jogi Lin
scl=Marine Wu
scl_hal=Marine Wu
sc_fade=Jogi Lin
sdk=Owen Lee
sensordriver=Marine Wu
sensorif=Marine Wu
sensorif_hal=Marine Wu
sim=Jack Hsueh
sim_mux_switch=Jyunwei Lin
smg=Allen Lai
sms=Ralf Chen
sn=Allen Lai
srv=Kenny Wu
SrvWrapper=Bob Lin
ss=Terry Chiang
storage=Jeffrey Chen
storage_mdl=Jeffrey Chen
storage_sdio=Jeffrey Chen
supplicant=Peter-jc Lin
supplicant_cus=Peter-jc Lin
sxmengine=Owen Lee
sys=Ericyk Wu
sys_cus=Ericyk Wu
time=Ericyk Wu
timepitch_stretch=Jogi Lin
timer=Jyunwei Lin
timer_hal=Jyunwei Lin
trc=Woody Kuo
tscr=Jerry Lu
tscr_hal=Jerry Lu
tscr_mdl=Jerry Lu
tscr_mdl_slim=chih-hao chang
tv_mdl=Kurt Chen
uart=Jyunwei Lin
uart_hal=Jyunwei Lin
unfd=Edward Lee
unfd_hal=Edward Lee
usb=Wayne Chen
usb_hal=Wayne Chen
usb_mdl=Wayne Chen
ut_mdl=Ted Sun
v24=Woody Kuo
v42=Terry Chiang
v42b=Terry Chiang
vdr=Gary Chen
vendor=Mansun Lee
vfs=Mcinnis Yu
viddecoder=Patrick Lin
vml=Ralf Chen
voc=Patrick-tf Yang
wap=Steven Kao
widget=Jason Su
widget_priv=Jason Su
wlan=Fred Cheng
wlan_cus=Fred Cheng
wmadec_codec =Jogi Lin
zlib=
truetype=
ucs2=
utility=
i18n=